Add GlobWat recipe and diagnostic (#1808)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/recipes/recipe_hydrology.rst

The hydrological catchment model HYPE simulates water flow and substances on their way from precipitation through soil, river and lakes to the river outlet.
HYPE is developed at the Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute. The recipe pre-processes ERA-Interim and ERA5 data for use in HYPE.

GlobWat
*******

> GlobWat is a soil water balance model that has been provided by the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) to assess water use in irrigated agriculture (http://www.fao.org/nr/water/aquamaps). The recipe pre-processes ERA-Interim and ERA5 reanalyses data for use in the GlobWat. GlobWat requires potential evapotranspiration (evspsblpot). The variable evspsblpot is not available in ERA-Interim. Thus, we use debruin function (De Bruin et al. 2016) or the langbein method (Langbein et al. 1949) to obtain evspsblpot using both ERA-Interim and ERA5. The Langbein function needs a variable tas and the debruin function besides that needs the variables psl, rsds, and rsdt as input.

Reviewer: GlobWat is a soil water balance model created by the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) to assess water use in irrigated agriculture (http://www.fao.org/nr/water/aquamaps). The recipe pre-processes ERA-Interim and ERA5 reanalyses data for use in the GlobWat model. GlobWat requires potential evapotranspiration (evspsblpot) as input. The variable evspsblpot is not available in ERA-Interim. Thus, we use debruin function (De Bruin et al. 2016) or the langbein method (Langbein et al. 1949) to obtain evspsblpot using both ERA-Interim and ERA5. The Langbein function needs a variable tas and the debruin function besides that needs the variables psl, rsds, and rsdt as input.

Author: Documentation modified.

   * method: contains
   * decomposed: true

#. recipe_globwat.yml

   *Required preprocessor settings:*

   * start_year: 2004
   * end_year: 2004

>    * target_file: Generated from a GlobWat input file sample

Reviewer 2: Not sure I understand what this means. Can you add a more elaborate description of `target_file`?

Author: The target_grid is the grid of GlobWat input files. I added the description in the doc.

   *Optional preprocessor settings:*

   * area_selection: A region bounding box to extract the data for a specific region. The area selection preprocessor can be used by users to process the data for their desired region. The data will be processed at the global scale if the preprocessor in the recipe is commented.

>    * regrid_scheme: The area-weighted regridding scheme considred as a defult regridding scheme to ensures that the total volume of water is consistent before and after regridding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * regrid_scheme: The area-weighted regridding scheme is used as a default regridding scheme to ensure that the total volume of water is consistent before and after regridding.
```
